fix: Support Kubernetes v1.24. Fixes #8320 (#9620)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/manually-create-secrets.md

# Kubernetes Secrets

As of Kubernetes v1.24, secrets are no longer automatically created for service accounts.

> You must create the

Reviewer: missing the rest of the sentences?

manually. [Find out how to create these yourself manually](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/#manually-create-a-service-account-api-token)
.

You must make the secret discoverable. You have two options:

## Option 1 - Discovery By Name

Name your secret `${serviceAccountName}.service-account-token`.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: default.service-account-token
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/service-account.name: default
type: kubernetes.io/service-account-token
```

> This option is simpler that option 2, as you can combine creating the secret with making is discoverable by name.

Author: ```suggestion
This option is simpler than option 2, as you can combine creating the secret with making it discoverable by name.
```

> ## Option 2 - Discovery By Annotation

Author: This is only if there are long service account names.

Annotate the service account with the secret name:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  name: default
  annotations:

>     kubernetes.io/service-account-token.name: my-token

Reviewer 2: Please don't use non-standard kubernetes.io-namespaced annotations. If this is the annotation argo will look for to find the secret, please use an argo-specific annotation name to hold this

Author: This is a standard one:

https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/#manually-create-a-service-account-api-token

Reviewer 2: that is `kubernetes.io/service-account.name`, not `kubernetes.io/service-account-token.name`, and is [defined for use on Secret objects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/#kubernetes-io-service-account-name) pointing back at the service account, not the other way around

Author: Oh. You’re right. It should be `workflows.argoproj.io/service-account-token.name`. Which makes me wonder how any tests are passing.

Author: Fixed. It’s only wrong in the docs.
